feat: add known issue about upgrade from v1.3.2 to v1.4.0 (#686)
harvester/docs: docs/upgrade/v1-3-2-to-v1-4-0.md

For more information, see [Issue #7005](https://github.com/harvester/harvester/issues/7005).

---

> ### 2. Upgrade stuck on waiting harvester bundle
> 
> When upgrading from v1.3.2 to v1.4.0, the upgrade process may become stuck on waiting for the harvester bundle to be ready. This issue is caused by race condition when the fleet-agent is redeployed.
> 
> If you encounter the issue, you will get the following error state:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### 2. Upgrade stuck on waiting for Harvester bundle

When upgrading from v1.3.2 to v1.4.0, the upgrade process may become stuck on waiting for the Harvester bundle to become ready. This issue is caused by a race condition when the Fleet agent (`fleet-agent`) is redeployed.

The following error messages indicate that the issue exists.
```

```shell
> kubectl get bundles -n fleet-local
NAME                                          BUNDLEDEPLOYMENTS-READY   STATUS
mcc-harvester                                 0/1                       ErrApplied(1) [Cluster fleet-local/local: encountered 2 deletion errors. First is: admission webhook "validator.harvesterhci.io" denied the request: Internal error occurred: no route match found for DELETE /v1, Kind=Secret harvester-system/sh.helm.release.v1.harvester.v2]
mcc-harvester-crd                             0/1                       ErrApplied(1) [Cluster fleet-local/local: admission webhook "validator.harvesterhci.io" denied the request: Internal error occurred: no route match found for DELETE /v1, Kind=Secret harvester-system/sh.helm.release.v1.harvester-crd.v1]
```

> You can apply following script to fix the issue:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can run the following script to fix the issue.
```
